How driver will handle if system in sleep mode or resume mode.
what is memory barrier and wbp .
Any API will call before calling init_module() in kernel space?
spinlock optimization in current kernel versions.
Difference between spin_lock_irq and spin_lock_irqsave() in detail.
Bottom halfs and differences. Work queue types.
Differences in kernel versions which we worked.
How probe will work for PCI drivers.
How to debug coredump file without stack trace.

C questions:

Reverse words in given sentence. like " Global Edge" to "egdE labolG"
Given no is multiple of 8 or not with bitwise operators.
Delete node in given position. Should cover all corner cases.
Difference between const pointer and pointer const.
About Volatile keyword.


C Questions :

1. preprocessor directives .
2. why we using #define to define a constant . rather than by using keyword..i.e like int a =10;
3. To toggle a particular bit and set a bit and clear bit.
4. to check number is multiplies of 4 or not.without using % operator.
5. To check meachine is little endian or big endian..?
6. reverse string without any arthimatic operation and tmp variable , loops also...?
7. To insert element in particular position in array.
8. diference b/w structure and union...and real time appilications..with respect to memory.
9. malloc operations(failed conditions).
10. bitfilelds
11.selfreferential structure...what is use of selfreferential structure...?
12. static functions and static variables...inclideing characterstics...?
13. In case of volatile, how the compiler takes the data every time from 14.memory, not from the cache

D.S :

1. insert a node at partcular position in single linked list...

Linux :

1.difference b/w fork and vfork.
2.copy on write(COW).
3.interrupts handling in o.s...how interupt handled by os..?
4.dif b/w semaphore and mutex...real time applications...?
5.spin locks ..brifely
6.memory barries.
7.mmap system call working.
8. process states.
Device Drivers :

1. any driver in linux
2. how driver interact with H/w....explaination
3.driver architecture..?

Digital Electronics:

1.what is active low signal.
2.discussion on logic gates(AND ,OR ,NOT,XOR,XNOR);
3.discussion on MUX.
4.power gateing and Edge gating...?
5.what is PLL and PLC...?
6.what is pipeling
7.tell me any processor ..?
8. memory hirarcy
9.what is cache memory..why using cache memory
10.cache ratio
11. how cache memory interact with processor..?
12.ARM ARCHITECTURE...?

Note: please make sure concentrate on ARM architectre.

